SIMIYU JOY ABIGAEL
PRACTICAL ACTIVITY 5
EMAIL: joy.simiyu@womentechsters.org
Assuming you are a system administrator in “CarMax” Car Dealership and you have been assigned with a task to add 1 Headquarters and 2 Sales Locations in a windows Server 2016 you configured. 
1.	With the help of Active Directory, Add the Headquarters and 2 Sales Locations.
Headquarters has:
	Administrative Dept
	Accounting Dept
	Hr
 
Each Sales Location has:
	Sales Staff
	Mechanic Staff
	Management
 
 
2.	Under each Unit add dummy users.
 
 
   
3.	Assuming a user in Sales Staff is promoted to Administrative Dept, give a description on how you will handle this and make sure the sales user is effectively transitioned to Administrative Unit. Please give a detailed description with accompanied screenshots.
First, right click on the Sales user and click on “Move.  Then, right click on the user and add “Promoted “to it; and right click again select “Properties” , and press on “Member of “ tab to add the user to the suitable group under Administrative Dep.
 
  
4.	Assuming “One dummy” user in Mechanic Staff has gone on leave for one month, give a detailed description of how you will ensure their user account is inactive and cannot be accessed by any other person during this one-month leave. This is to ensure unauthorized users to do not use that account to access the organization system.
        Right click on the Mechanic1 user and select “Disable” to disable the account. Right click             again “Enable Account” option appears that means its disabled now successfully.
 
5.	In accounting Dept, we want to maintain high notes of security especially to the computers. Add a computer policy under Accounting Dept to ensure all computers are locked or disabled after 3 minutes of inactivity. The user has to login once again when back.
On the Server Manager click on “Tools” and select “Group policy Management”
Then, right click the “Accounting Dept” and select “Create GPO in this domain, and link it here” to create the group policy.
    
•	After creating the Group policy the below window appeared, press on “setting” tab then right click and select “Edit”. Then under “Computer Configuration” click on “Policies”. 






	




	












